Update external support links (#153)
operaton/documentation: docs/documentation/reference/spin/xml/06-configuring-xml.md

The data format class to register a configurator for is `org.operaton.spin.impl.xml.dom.format.DomXmlDataFormat`.
An instance of this class provides setter methods (for the entities mentioned above) that can be used to replace the

> default object mapper. Refer to the [JDK documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/) on what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default object mapper. Refer to the [JDK documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/) on what
```
